my name is Angela and this is my student
journey. I decided to register for a
module with the Open University. It was
my first module and I wasn't sure where
I was gonna go from there. But I thought
well I'll give it a try. I must admit I
was really nervous at the start.
It was maths my first module so it was
quite hard in some ways and but it was
also strangely confidence boosting. It
was interesting and we did stupid things
like singing songs about mathematics in
the bar and it was really good to sort
of have other people who I could talk
to about such a strange subject because
it's not a thing you talk about down the
pub with people very often in fact most
conversations go oh I'm terrible at
maths so and it was really nice to
actually be proud
of being good at it
I was nervous about doing an exam in
mathematics which hadn't done for a very
long time and in fact when
I done maths before I'd
had a very bad exam experience it was
quite nervous about at all and but I got
used to it and I started studying for
the exam and I got through it and I did
well enough not brilliant but well
enough and that was good so I felt quite
reassured that I could get through the
whole thing so that's how it started
and I got through my first module. Hooray!
and it was hard work but it was worth it
very early on after going to the first
tutorial we decided to set up a study
group and I met with some other people.
That was really helpful because it
didn't feel like anyone was judging you
when you were going along and meeting
with other people so there was a woman
who was Finnish and English was her
second language and she was learning
Spanish and I thought well she can do it
and she's willing to try.
looking back I can see there were some
real high points for me if I had to say
one particular one it would be working
with other students I think peer support
is absolutely essential I think it's one
of those things that really helps build
your confidence just having a laugh with
someone can just take away such a lot of
tension and and feeling you're in a safe
space where people aren't going to judge
you and listening to the voice in my head
that said "yeah it's time to go back"
or "it's time to stop now you need a
break". That that was useful as well.
It was a struggle when things were... the
material was hard or I wasn't confident
about the subject. But actually I felt it
was when your personal life got in the
way that it was the biggest struggle
because it was really hard to get past
that and to remember that you could ask
for help. Asking for help wasn't easy but
once you got past that, everybody was
there to help you. The tutor, other
students, the student support people,
all really helped me when I got stuck.